Update Getting started tutorial to comply documentation style guides (#5223)
vmware-tanzu/kubeapps: site/content/docs/latest/tutorials/getting-started.md

## Prerequisites

> - Kubeapps assumes a working Kubernetes cluster (v1.21+), as well as the [`helm`](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/) (3.1.0+) and [`kubectl`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/) command-line interfaces installed and configured to talk to your Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Kubeapps assumes a working Kubernetes cluster (v1.21+), as well as the [`helm`](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/) (v3.2.0+) and [`kubectl`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/) command-line interfaces installed and configured to talk to your Kubernetes cluster.
```

Author: +1 to the suggestion
